Close#5178: Lighting effects are disabled in software mode (#13206)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#1324] Last track piece map selection still visible when placing ride entrance or exit (original bug).
- Fix: [#3200] Close Construction window upon selecting vehicle page.
- Fix: [#4041] Garbled park option on scenario editor with custom theme.

> - Fix: [#5178] Lighting effects are disabled in software mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#5178] Lighting effects cannot be disabled in software mode.
```
